Error Analysis 

--- EXAMPLE 1 ---

software neg 760.txt before buying , i downloaded and installed a 30-day trial version of kis 6.0. first , i uninstalled windows live one care .
after installing kis 6.0 and rebooting , my windows xp home edition computer just locked up . had to go through safe mode to remove the program via windows explorer ,
since add / remove programs in control panel will not work in safe mode . when i reinstalled windows live one care , it offered to remove the remains of kis 6.0 that i couldn't .
next , internet explorer 7 would not work at some sites . had to call microsoft support and a great technician in india took about an hour to straighten out the damaged files
in ie7 at no charge . thanks a lot , kaspersky ! now , my computer is working fine . i am sorry that i did not have a chance to use kis 6.0 , but i will stick with one care
and renew it when my 1st year of free updates expires soon 


Classified as positive by all models. 
This review uses mostly neutral language, which makes it hard for the models to classify. 
It uses some positive words such as “safe”, “great”, “thanks” and “fine” which mislead the models.


--- EXAMPLE 2 ---

health pos 702.txt this product does wonders . it helped with blotchy skin and made my whole face feel softer yet firmer within a week . like another customer , i have sensitive skin . 
i did n't feel this dried my skin out at all . but a word to the wise , make sure to read the directions carefully , this product is not meant for use around the eyes which might
explain some complaints . if used properly , its fantastic 


Classified as negative by all models.
Uses negative words such as “blotchy”, “dried” and “complaints”.
Although it uses positive words as well such as “wonders” and “fantastic”, the models weighed the negative words more heavily.
 
 
 --- EXAMPLE 3 ---
 
health neg 915.txt i originally planned to purchase locin floss to replace the dentek , but i 'm not too pleased with it so far . 
pluses ======= -each individually wrapped floss . -does n't contain floride . minuses ======= -flimpsy handle- -almost not usable .
 -wrap is not 100% sealed . -flossing head is shallower and narrower than the dentek 


Classified as positive by all models.
Uses mostly neutral words, except positive word “pleased”.
Model fails to recognize the “not” in front of the “pleased”.
Review also lists pluses & negatives, which may be misleading.
